Brother Tang, you are all ready
Is that necessary?
Xiaoyun is still dizzy
Uncle Ming, you also know that Xiao Ning can defend himself
I don't want to be married tonight
Knock me down then, don't run away
Come on, I'll take you out
When will Section Chief Tang give me 1,000 yuan?
I still have to catch the 6:30 train to Ninglan
What do you mean?
Didn't I say to wait for Xiao Yuan and Section Chief Tang?
Did Yuan Fang go back after receiving the certificate?
I'm still thinking of waiting to drink that little wild seed's wedding wine
Dream on.
What are you talking about?
How many times have I told you?
Xiao Yuan is not my illegitimate daughter
You don't believe me, do you still not believe your mother?
The old man who killed a thousand knives
He said we needed help.
That little bastard is the child of the head of the Ying family
The child of the fart master
How could it fall into his hands?
What are you going to say?
What do you want?
That little bastard offended the nobles in the capital
Someone wants his life
Chief Pang, don't you want to marry Xiao Yuan?
A residual flower is lost, you can play with it.
There is no need to marry
We're all men.
You said you should understand
If I don't lie to you
I also found a good in-law for you.
How could you possibly come with me?
Humph
You fool
Dare to run away
Ah section chief
I have nothing to do with this crap
I don't want the gun
I don't want it anymore.
Hey, does the family have to be neat and tidy?